policy: add github org membership section (#171)
ossf/tac: policies/access.md

    This is the parent team for projects. Every project (e.g. scorecard, AO) should have a subteam contained within this one.
    Teams for individual repositories go under here, which start with `repo-`, but team names may otherwise be unconstrained.

## GitHub Org Membership

 Membership in the GitHub org should be freely given - it inherently confers no permissions or privileges, only a badge on the user's profile if they enable it - and it _does_ allow for easier team management. Someone should only be removed from the org in extreme circumstances where their association with OpenSSF would be problematic, and people should be encouraged to remain in the org in perpetuity.

>  Individuals who choose not to be a member of the org will be unable to retain access to repositories due to being ineligible to being on GitHub teams.

Reviewer: Taking another look at this it seems that this is needs a slight revision. Indeed, I assume people outside the org would still retain read access, right? Besides, I think we should turn this into a more positive statement:
```suggestion
 Individuals are free to choose to be a member of the org or not but membership is required to be on GitHub teams and have privileged access to repositories.
```

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
 Individuals are free to choose to be a member of the org or not but membership is required to be on GitHub teams which grants privileged access to repositories.
```

Author: Sure, seems fine.
